# Structural Role Discovery in the Erasmus Exchange Network 
The Erasmus program is a well known network of universities providing thousands of student exchanges every year. From this network, there is plenty of interesting information to be extracted. In particular, we believe looking at the different roles the universities represent within this network is not only interesting, but can shed light on areas of improvement in the program. In order to extract these roles, we propose the application of RolX, a structural role detection algorithm, to the Erasmus Exchange network.

### Role Discovery
In a graph, two nodes are seen to have the same ‘role’ if they have the same behaviour. This is seen as a complementary analysis to community detection rather than a replacement. While community detection aims to separate nodes into appropriate groups, role discovery aims to understand the role of nodes within their community. For example, in a social network you could identify communities of users based on their interests using community detection methods. Within this group you could then determine the function of each person e.g. group leader, peripheral member etc. If the roles of network nodes are identified it opens the door for many other graph analysis tasks such as sense-making, finding similar nodes and node classification. 
RolX is an unsupervised learning approach used to automatically detect roles in a given graph network. This method involves a number of steps such as feature extraction, feature grouping and model selection.
